# CS180-ChatBot
To run the project, you will need a file named "Userdata.txt", then you will need to run the server, then you can start as many clients as you want simultameously.

Classes:

Client: The Client will first connect with the Server. The user will have the option to log in or create an account. The client then will guide the user through the features of the program including send message, view a message, edit a message, export a message, delete a message, block a seller, buy a product, and log out for a customer account. The features are the same for a seller account except that, instead of buy product, the seller has the option to create a store and add a product to that store. The Client will write its information and recieve information from the ClientHandler class, and it will call the methods in the Customer and Seller Class.

ClientHandler: ClientHandler is what reads the information from the client and sends back information to the client. The ClientHandler will receive information from the client and it will either send back text or an object depending on what the client requested. The ClientHandler receives its information from the SharedArrayLists class. ClientHandler will also save the account information.

Customer: Customer extends the User Class and implements Serializable. Customer has fields name and cart, The methods in Customer are buyItem and sendMessage. Customer calls the constructor in User for its email and password. The cart in Customer is where the items that the customer has bought will go. Buy item allows you to get an item that is in another store. Send message will allow you to send a message to another seller. The sendMessage method will call the sendMessage in the User class to finish up sending the message. The customer will receive the information that it needs for its classes from the Client, which gets its information from ClientHandler.

Seller: Seller extends the User Class and implements Serializable. Seller has fields name and stores, and Seller calls the constuctor in User for its email and password. The stores field is where all of a certain seller's stores will be kept. Seller has methods sendMessage and addProduct. The sendMessage in seller works in a very similar way as the sendMessage in Customer. AddProduct allows the seller to add a product to one of their stores. Seller will get all the information that it needs for its methods from the Client, which gets its information from the ClientHandler.

Server: The Server is where the Client information is loaded, and where the Threads are started. The Server will connect to the Client, and the Server will start the threads. All of the threads share an instance from the class SharedArrayLists, so they can all have access to certain fields.

SharedArrayLists: The SharedArrayLists class has the fields userList, sellers, customers, and stores. These fields are where the information from all the threads are held. This class has several methods that can be called that will either return or change the fields. The SharedArrayLists class will receive the iformtaion to change or return one of its fields from the ClientHandler.

Store: Store implements Serializable. Store has fields name, owner, and products. store has a method that will add a product to the store. The rest of the methods are methods that will change or return the fields.

User: The User class implements Serializable and it is the parent class of Customer and Seller. User has fields email, password, sentMessages, censoredWords, replaceMent words, receivedMessages, and blockedUsers. The sendMessage in the User class will get the format of the message, then it will finish sending the message to the destination. The sendFileMessage method will read the input from the file, then send it to the sendMessage method to finish sending the file. The exportMessage in User will export all of the user's receivedMessages and sentMessages to a file of the user's choosing. The editMessage method in User will delete the sender's and recipient's most recent message, and it will send a new message that the User chose. The deleteMessage method allows for the user to delete their most recent message. The block method makes it so that the user that you block will no longer be able to send a message to the User.
